Fix migration issue discovered when restoring an OpenCRVS instace with a large number of records (#9398)
opencrvs/opencrvs-core: CHANGELOG.md

## [1.6.4](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/compare/v1.6.1...v1.6.4)

> - Fix migration issue discovered when restoring an OpenCRVS instace with a large number of records [#9116](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/9116)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix migration issue discovered when restoring an OpenCRVS instance with a large number of records. `$push used too much memory and cannot spill to disk. Memory limit: 104857600 bytes` [#9116](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/9116)
```
